Update Home welcome (#303)
eu-cdse/documentation: Home.qmd

    toc: false
---

## Welcome to the [ Copernicus Data Space Ecosystem](https://dataspace.copernicus.eu/#/){target="_blank"} Documentation Portal

We’re delighted you signed up!

Now, let’s explore our extensive documentation to gain insights into our comprehensive Earth Observation data collection and the array of data access and data processing capabilities.

Our documentation is a living resource, continuously updated to provide you with the latest information.

> **Discover within this documentation:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**You can discover within this documentation:**
```

> * [Data:](/Data.qmd) Explore large amounts of open and free Earth Observation datasets, including Sentinel Data, Copernicus Contributing Missions, Federated Datasets, and Complementary Data, with detailed information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Data:](/Data.qmd) The section introduces large amounts of open and free Earth Observation datasets, including Sentinel Data, Copernicus Contributing Missions, Federated Datasets, and Complementary Data, with detailed information.
```

> * [APIs:](/APIs.md) Find the perfect interface for your needs in our suite of APIs. Whether you seek catalog access, product downloads, data visualization, or processing capabilities, our offerings encompass a range of options, including S3, STAC, openEO, and Sentinel Hub APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [APIs:](/APIs.md) Here, you will find the perfect interface for your needs in our suite of APIs. Whether you seek catalog access, product downloads, data visualization, or processing capabilities, our offerings encompass a range of options, including S3, STAC, openEO, and Sentinel Hub APIs.
```

> * [Applications:](/Applications.md) Simplify your satellite data journey and engage with data using our user-friendly applications for searching, visualizing, modifying, and downloading data effortlessly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Applications:](/Applications.md) Guide to simplifying your satellite data journey and engaging with data using our user-friendly applications for searching, visualizing, modifying, and downloading data effortlessly.
```

> * [Quotas and Limitations:](/Quotas.qmd) Discover the quotas and limitations in place for your account's user type and plan your data download and processing pipelines accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Quotas and Limitations:](/Quotas.qmd) The section summarizes the quotas and limitations in place for your account's user type and plans your data download and processing pipelines accordingly.
```
